{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2511
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red40\green70\blue18;\red0\green0\blue0;\red25\green162\blue221;
\red64\green118\blue25;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c20298\c33965\c8799;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c5821\c69898\c89230;
\cssrgb\c30912\c52771\c12623;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14660\viewh13680\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 I need to approach my brand differently.\
\
I want to output blogs and knowledge that will make people sign up to my newsletters, and view me as knowledgeable. From there, I can be available for consultancy and brand development (including SEO, Copywriting and Website Development).\
\
I want to target:\
- Small Business Owners, looking to be informed when approaching agencies or freelancers and not get the wool pulled over their eyes.\
- Startups (1 - 2 people) looking for some information on how to get off the ground cheaply.\
- Small Business Tech Guys looking to boost SEO or to prove their worth at management meetings.\
- Small Business Owners/Startups looking to improve their online presence/appearance.\
\
THINK: BIG PROMISE, BIG IDEA\
\
Example blog titles:\
- What is the MOST important type of content on your site?\
- What makes a professional website?\
- Turn your website into a sales tool\
- 4 Key Steps to Climb Google Rankings\
- Why your site looks cheap\
- 3 Basic Mistakes Your Website is Making\
- What Should Your Agency Do For You? (rework this one but it's key)\
- Are You Being Ripped Off?\
\
Sign up for a downloadable guide on engaging your customers and getting them started on your sales journey.\
\
YOUR BRAND:\
\
- Personable:\
This brand is built on credibility, and knowledgeability. Be human.\
\
- No Bullshit:\
Avoid Jargon. NO JARGON. Keep posts clear, concise, and as short as possible. Don't ramble.\
\
- Eye-catching:\
BIG Headlines. Easy navigation. Make content holes for people to fall down.\
\
- Fast:\
Make it clear what you're offering as soon as customers hit the site. Develop landing pages for your three key customers:\
1. Tech guys working for small businesses wanting to bring new knowledge, strategies and worth to the table.\
2. Small business owners currently working with agencies that want to make sure they're not being ripped off and are getting the most bang for their buck.\
3. Small startups (1 - 2 people) that want quick, easy solutions for common SEO or design issues.\
\
Rebrand:\
\
Get found for:\
\
SMB SEO Tips\
SME SEO Tips\
\
Currently in this industry \
bowlerhat.co.uk\
searchenginewatch.com\
econsultancy\
\
What am I portraying?\
\
CREDIBLE / KNOWLEDGEABLE / HUSTLE / NO JARGON\
SECRET / TIPS / 
\f1\b \cf2 SEARCH
\f0\b0 \cf0  / SUPPORT / DO-IT-YOURSELF\
FAST / EFFECTIVE / VICTORY / \cf3 CHAMPION\cf0  / INFORMATION\
TRUST / ADVICE / 
\f1\b \cf2 MARKETING
\f0\b0 \cf0  / 
\f1\b \cf4 HUB
\f0\b0 \cf0  / 
\f1\b \cf2 CONSULTANCY
\f0\b0 \cf0  / 
\f1\b \cf4 SPOT
\f0\b0 \cf0 \
SEO / 
\f1\b \cf2 MARKETING
\f0\b0 \cf0  / BRANDING / 
\f1\b \cf4 COMPLETE
\f0\b0 \cf0  / DIGITAL / 
\f1\b \cf4 POINT
\f0\b0 \cf0 \

\f1\b \cf4 EXPERT
\f0\b0 \cf0  / 
\f1\b \cf2 DESIGN
\f0\b0 \cf0 \
\
hustlehub\
searchspot\
seospot\
completeseomarketing\
marketingchampion\
makeyourname\
getfound\
searchmarketinghub - 
\f1\b \cf5 smhub
\f0\b0 \cf0 \
\
I want to be a trusted resource for small businesses and startups to visit for guidance on how they can do better for their SEO and their Online Presence.\
\
ASOS is an acronym\
\
ONLINE PRESENCE / OPSpot <-- anti-euthanasia group for dogs. So probably not that.\
DIGITAL PRESENCE / DPSpot <-- is DP too closely associated with Double Penetration?\
Digihub? digi-hub\
Search Marketing hub? SMHub?\
\
\
Within two weeks, I want to be on the first page of google for a relevant keyword and will be able to put it on LinkedIn.}